pkg/README.md, before:

# magnetico/pkg
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/boramalper/magnetico?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/boramalper/magnetico)

- The most significant package is `persistence`, that abstracts access to the
  magnetico databases with different engines (currently, SQLite, stdout and partly PostgreSQL).
  
**For REST-ful magneticow API, see [https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/boramalper/magneticow-api/](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/boramalper/magneticow-api/).**

## PostgreSQL database engine (only `magneticod` part implemented)

PostgreSQL database engine uses [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) to store indexed
torrents. It's more performant and flexible than SQLite but requires additional software configuration.

Engine usage example:

```shell
magneticod --database=postgres://username:password@127.0.0.1/database?port=5432&schema=custom_schema_name&sslmode=disable
```

## Stdout Dummy Database Engine for magneticod

Stdout dummy database engine for **magneticod** prints a new [JSON Line](http://jsonlines.org/)
for each discovered torrent so that you can pipe the stdout of **magneticod** into some other
program to build your own pipelines on the fly!

**Example Output**

```json
{"infoHash":"f84b51f0d2c3455ab5dabb6643b4340234cd036e","name":"Big_Buck_Bunny_1080p_surround_frostclick.com_frostwire.com","files":[{"size":928670754,"path":"Big_Buck_Bunny_1080p_surround_FrostWire.com.avi"},{"size":5008,"path":"PROMOTE_YOUR_CONTENT_ON_FROSTWIRE_01_06_09.txt"},{"size":3456234,"path":"Pressrelease_BickBuckBunny_premiere.pdf"},{"size":180,"path":"license.txt"}]}
```

> **WARNING:**
>
> Please beware that the schema of the object (dictionary) might change in backwards-incompatible ways 
> in the future; although I'll do my best to ensure it won't happen.

Commit message:

Small persistence engines documentation refactoring.

pkg/README.md, after:

# magnetico/pkg
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/boramalper/magnetico?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/boramalper/magnetico)

- The most significant package is `persistence`, that abstracts access to the
  magnetico databases with different engines (currently, SQLite, stdout and partly PostgreSQL).
  
**For REST-ful magneticow API, see [https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/boramalper/magneticow-api/](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/boramalper/magneticow-api/).**

## PostgreSQL database engine (only `magneticod` part implemented)

PostgreSQL database engine uses [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) to store indexed
torrents. It's more performant and flexible than SQLite but requires additional software configuration.

Engine usage example:

```shell
magneticod --database=postgres://username:password@127.0.0.1/database?port=5432&schema=custom_schema_name&sslmode=disable
```

See [lib/pq documentation](https://godoc.org/github.com/lib/pq#hdr-Connection_String_Parameters)
for more detailed option list.

Optional parameter `schema` was added to choose which schema will be used to store magnetico tables,
sequences and indexes.

## Stdout Dummy Database Engine for magneticod

Stdout dummy database engine for **magneticod** prints a new [JSON Line](http://jsonlines.org/)
for each discovered torrent so that you can pipe the stdout of **magneticod** into some other
program to build your own pipelines on the fly!

**Example Output**

```json
{"infoHash":"f84b51f0d2c3455ab5dabb6643b4340234cd036e","name":"Big_Buck_Bunny_1080p_surround_frostclick.com_frostwire.com","files":[{"size":928670754,"path":"Big_Buck_Bunny_1080p_surround_FrostWire.com.avi"},{"size":5008,"path":"PROMOTE_YOUR_CONTENT_ON_FROSTWIRE_01_06_09.txt"},{"size":3456234,"path":"Pressrelease_BickBuckBunny_premiere.pdf"},{"size":180,"path":"license.txt"}]}
```

> **WARNING:**
>
> Please beware that the schema of the object (dictionary) might change in backwards-incompatible ways 
> in the future; although I'll do my best to ensure it won't happen.
